Add taskforce leadership section to README, add Darius Kazemi as co-chair (#44)
swicg/activitypub-trust-and-safety: README.md

> **Note:** we cannot directly change or improve various software that implements ActivityPub within the scope of this Taskforce, for that, please file issues with the respective project's issue trackers, potentially cross referencing issues here.
> 
> ## Taskforce Leadership
> 
> This taskforce is co-chaired by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** within the scope of this task force, we cannot directly change nor improve the various software that implements ActivityPub. For that, please log issues with the respective project's issue trackers, potentially cross referencing issues here.

## Task Force Leadership

This task force is co-chaired by:
```

Reviewer: The existing text is a run-on sentence. `Taskforce, for` should not have a comma; at least, it should be a semicolon. 

The reason to move the `within...force` clause is to clarify what it applies to. As it stands, it could read as modifying `software` (i.s., `software that implements ActivityPub within the scope of this Taskforce`) rather than modifying `we cannot`.

> This taskforce is co-chaired by:

Author: ```suggestion
This taskforce is lead by:
```

- Emelia Smith ([@thisismissem](https://github.com/thisismissem) / [@thisismissem@hachyderm.io](https://hachyderm.io/@thisismissem))
- Darius Kazemi ([@dariusk](https://github.com/dariusk) / [@darius@friend.camp](https://friend.camp/@darius))

> Emelia and Darius are responsible for coordinating and running the taskforce meetings, their primary role is to facilitate consensus-building among taskforce members. For more on what it means to be a chair in the context of W3C related taskforces or groups, see: https://www.w3.org/Guide/chair/role.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chairs and co-chairs are responsible for coordinating and running the task force meetings; their primary role is to facilitate consensus-building among task force members. For more on what it means to be a chair in the context of W3C-related task forces or groups, see: https://www.w3.org/Guide/chair/role.html
```

> Emelia and Darius are responsible for coordinating and running the taskforce meetings, their primary role is to facilitate consensus-building among taskforce members. For more on what it means to be a chair in the context of W3C related taskforces or groups, see: https://www.w3.org/Guide/chair/role.html

Author: ```suggestion
Emelia and Darius are responsible for coordinating and running the taskforce meetings, their primary role is to facilitate consensus-building among taskforce members.
```
